docs/paratype.recordobject.md, before:

<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[Home](./index.md) &gt; [paratype](./paratype.md) &gt; [RecordObject](./paratype.recordobject.md)

## RecordObject interface

Methods implemented by [RecordConstructor](./paratype.recordconstructor.md) instances

<b>Signature:</b>

```typescript
export interface RecordObject<Props> 
```

## Methods

|  Method | Description |
|  --- | --- |
|  [equals(other)](./paratype.recordobject.equals.md) | Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object. |
|  [get(key)](./paratype.recordobject.get.md) | Gets the specified property value |
|  [get(key)](./paratype.recordobject.get_1.md) | Gets the specified property value |
|  [has(key, value)](./paratype.recordobject.has.md) | Determines whether the current object has the specified property |
|  [has(key, value)](./paratype.recordobject.has_1.md) | Determines whether the current object has the specified property |
|  [merge(props)](./paratype.recordobject.merge.md) | Returns a copy of the current object with the specified properties merged in |
|  [set(key, value)](./paratype.recordobject.set.md) | Returns a copy of the current object with the specified property merged in |
|  [unmerge(props)](./paratype.recordobject.unmerge.md) | Returns a copy of the current object with the specified properties merged out |
|  [unset(keys)](./paratype.recordobject.unset.md) | Returns a copy of the current object without the specified properties |

Commit message:

record data class (is back again)

docs/paratype.recordobject.md, after:

<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[Home](./index.md) &gt; [paratype](./paratype.md) &gt; [RecordObject](./paratype.recordobject.md)

## RecordObject interface

Methods implemented by [RecordConstructor](./paratype.recordconstructor.md) instances

<b>Signature:</b>

```typescript
export interface RecordObject<Props, Data = Props> 
```

## Methods

|  Method | Description |
|  --- | --- |
|  [equals(other)](./paratype.recordobject.equals.md) | Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object. |
|  [get(key)](./paratype.recordobject.get.md) | Gets the specified property value |
|  [get(key)](./paratype.recordobject.get_1.md) | Gets the specified property value |
|  [has(key, value)](./paratype.recordobject.has.md) | Determines whether the current object has the specified property |
|  [has(key, value)](./paratype.recordobject.has_1.md) | Determines whether the current object has the specified property |
|  [merge(props)](./paratype.recordobject.merge.md) | Returns a copy of the current object with the specified properties merged in |
|  [set(key, value)](./paratype.recordobject.set.md) | Returns a copy of the current object with the specified property merged in |
|  [toData()](./paratype.recordobject.todata.md) | Extracts data from the current object |
|  [unmerge(props)](./paratype.recordobject.unmerge.md) | Returns a copy of the current object with the specified properties merged out |
|  [unset(keys)](./paratype.recordobject.unset.md) | Returns a copy of the current object without the specified properties |
