docs/paratype.recordtype.md, before:

<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[Home](./index.md) &gt; [paratype](./paratype.md) &gt; [recordType](./paratype.recordtype.md)

## recordType() function

Constructs a [Type](./paratype.type.md) that represents a record with the specified properties

<b>Signature:</b>

```typescript
export declare function recordType<T extends Record<string, unknown>, O extends (string & keyof T)[] = []>(properties: PropertyTypes<T, O>, options?: RecordOptions<O>): Type<WithRecordOptions<T, O>>;
```

## Parameters

|  Parameter | Type | Description |
|  --- | --- | --- |
|  properties | [PropertyTypes](./paratype.propertytypes.md)<!-- -->&lt;T, O&gt; | Properties of the record. Must be an object where keys provide property names, and values their [Type](./paratype.type.md) |
|  options | [RecordOptions](./paratype.recordoptions.md)<!-- -->&lt;O&gt; | <i>(Optional)</i> Provides record type behavior |

<b>Returns:</b>

[Type](./paratype.type.md)<!-- -->&lt;[WithRecordOptions](./paratype.withrecordoptions.md)<!-- -->&lt;T, O&gt;&gt;

Commit message:

remove record options, using record type interface instead

docs/paratype.recordtype.md, after:

<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[Home](./index.md) &gt; [paratype](./paratype.md) &gt; [RecordType](./paratype.recordtype.md)

## RecordType interface

A run-time record type

<b>Signature:</b>

```typescript
export interface RecordType<T> extends Type<T> 
```
<b>Extends:</b> [Type](./paratype.type.md)<!-- -->&lt;T&gt;

## Methods

|  Method | Description |
|  --- | --- |
|  [asPartial(this)](./paratype.recordtype.aspartial.md) | Returns a new record type based on the current type but where all properties are optional |
|  [getPropertyType(key)](./paratype.recordtype.getpropertytype.md) | Gets the run-time type of the specified property |
|  [isOptional(key)](./paratype.recordtype.isoptional.md) | Determines whether the specified property is optional |
|  [withOptional(keys)](./paratype.recordtype.withoptional.md) | Returns a new record type based on the current type but where the specified properties are optional |
