docs/paratype.md, before:

<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[Home](./index.md) &gt; [paratype](./paratype.md)

## paratype package

Basic run-time type information for typescript and javascript.

## Functions

|  Function | Description |
|  --- | --- |
|  [arrayType(itemType)](./paratype.arraytype.md) | Constructs a [Type](./paratype.type.md) that represents an array of the specified item type. |
|  [enumType(values)](./paratype.enumtype.md) | Constructs a [Type](./paratype.type.md) that represents an enumeration of the specified values. |
|  [formatPath(path)](./paratype.formatpath.md) | Returns a string that represents the specified value path |
|  [isType(value)](./paratype.istype.md) | Determines whether the specified value is a [Type](./paratype.type.md) |
|  [recordType(properties, options)](./paratype.recordtype.md) | Constructs a [Type](./paratype.type.md) that represents a record with the specified properties |

## Interfaces

|  Interface | Description |
|  --- | --- |
|  [JsonObject](./paratype.jsonobject.md) | An object where keys are strings and values are JSON values |
|  [RecordOptions](./paratype.recordoptions.md) | Specifies behavior for a record type |
|  [Type](./paratype.type.md) | A run-time type |

## Variables

|  Variable | Description |
|  --- | --- |
|  [anyType](./paratype.anytype.md) | Matches any value |
|  [booleanType](./paratype.booleantype.md) | Matches boolean values |
|  [integerType](./paratype.integertype.md) | Matches safe integer values |
|  [jsonValueType](./paratype.jsonvaluetype.md) | Matches JSON values |
|  [nonNegativeIntegerType](./paratype.nonnegativeintegertype.md) | Matches safe integer values that are greater than or equal to zero |
|  [nullType](./paratype.nulltype.md) | Represents a type that only matches <code>null</code> values |
|  [numberType](./paratype.numbertype.md) | Matches number values |
|  [positiveIntegerType](./paratype.positiveintegertype.md) | Matches safe integer values that are greater than zero |
|  [stringType](./paratype.stringtype.md) | Matches string values |
|  [timestampType](./paratype.timestamptype.md) | Matches timestamp values |
|  [voidType](./paratype.voidtype.md) | Represents a type that only matches <code>undefined</code> values |

## Type Aliases

|  Type Alias | Description |
|  --- | --- |
|  [ErrorCallback](./paratype.errorcallback.md) | A callback that, given a message, creates an error |
|  [JsonArray](./paratype.jsonarray.md) | An array of JSON values |
|  [JsonPrimitive](./paratype.jsonprimitive.md) | One of the JSON primitive types |
|  [JsonValue](./paratype.jsonvalue.md) | A JSON value |
|  [PathArray](./paratype.patharray.md) | An array of string and/or numbers that represents the path of a value |
|  [Predicate](./paratype.predicate.md) | Returns <code>true</code> if the specified value matches a predicate |
|  [PropertyTypes](./paratype.propertytypes.md) | Maps all properties to their corresponding run-time types |
|  [TypeOf](./paratype.typeof.md) | Extracts the underlying type from a [Type](./paratype.type.md) (it gets the <code>T</code> from <code>Type&lt;T&gt;</code>) |
|  [WithRecordOptions](./paratype.withrecordoptions.md) | Applies [RecordOptions](./paratype.recordoptions.md) to a type |

Commit message:

async json conversion with context

docs/paratype.md, after:

<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[Home](./index.md) &gt; [paratype](./paratype.md)

## paratype package

Basic run-time type information for typescript and javascript.

## Functions

|  Function | Description |
|  --- | --- |
|  [arrayType(itemType)](./paratype.arraytype.md) | Constructs a [Type](./paratype.type.md) that represents an array of the specified item type. |
|  [enumType(values)](./paratype.enumtype.md) | Constructs a [Type](./paratype.type.md) that represents an enumeration of the specified values. |
|  [formatPath(path)](./paratype.formatpath.md) | Returns a string that represents the specified value path |
|  [isType(value)](./paratype.istype.md) | Determines whether the specified value is a [Type](./paratype.type.md) |
|  [recordType(properties, options)](./paratype.recordtype.md) | Constructs a [Type](./paratype.type.md) that represents a record with the specified properties |

## Interfaces

|  Interface | Description |
|  --- | --- |
|  [ConversionContext](./paratype.conversioncontext.md) | Represents the context in which a value is converted |
|  [JsonObject](./paratype.jsonobject.md) | An object where keys are strings and values are JSON values |
|  [RecordOptions](./paratype.recordoptions.md) | Specifies behavior for a record type |
|  [Type](./paratype.type.md) | A run-time type |

## Variables

|  Variable | Description |
|  --- | --- |
|  [anyType](./paratype.anytype.md) | Matches any value |
|  [booleanType](./paratype.booleantype.md) | Matches boolean values |
|  [integerType](./paratype.integertype.md) | Matches safe integer values |
|  [jsonValueType](./paratype.jsonvaluetype.md) | Matches JSON values |
|  [nonNegativeIntegerType](./paratype.nonnegativeintegertype.md) | Matches safe integer values that are greater than or equal to zero |
|  [nullType](./paratype.nulltype.md) | Represents a type that only matches <code>null</code> values |
|  [numberType](./paratype.numbertype.md) | Matches number values |
|  [positiveIntegerType](./paratype.positiveintegertype.md) | Matches safe integer values that are greater than zero |
|  [stringType](./paratype.stringtype.md) | Matches string values |
|  [timestampType](./paratype.timestamptype.md) | Matches timestamp values |
|  [voidType](./paratype.voidtype.md) | Represents a type that only matches <code>undefined</code> values |

## Type Aliases

|  Type Alias | Description |
|  --- | --- |
|  [ErrorCallback](./paratype.errorcallback.md) | A callback that, given a message, creates an error |
|  [JsonArray](./paratype.jsonarray.md) | An array of JSON values |
|  [JsonPrimitive](./paratype.jsonprimitive.md) | One of the JSON primitive types |
|  [JsonValue](./paratype.jsonvalue.md) | A JSON value |
|  [PathArray](./paratype.patharray.md) | An array of string and/or numbers that represents the path of a value |
|  [Predicate](./paratype.predicate.md) | Returns <code>true</code> if the specified value matches a predicate |
|  [PropertyTypes](./paratype.propertytypes.md) | Maps all properties to their corresponding run-time types |
|  [TypeOf](./paratype.typeof.md) | Extracts the underlying type from a [Type](./paratype.type.md) (it gets the <code>T</code> from <code>Type&lt;T&gt;</code>) |
|  [WithRecordOptions](./paratype.withrecordoptions.md) | Applies [RecordOptions](./paratype.recordoptions.md) to a type |
